McKenzie Dern beats Gabi Garcia in the open weight at WPJJC
Too old to start? Here is my 61 year old father having his first lesson last night!
Leandro Lo Vs Keenan Cornelius Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Open Class
Marcus Almeida vs Leandro Lo Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Open Class Semi Final
SAD NEWS! Luiz Panza fractured both tibia and fibula during his match against Felipe Pena, at WPJJC. It's hard to see in the video what really happened, but it looks like a toehold from the 50/50 position to me. His status has been confirmed by Leo Vieira, leader of Checkmat.
Is there an interest to bring back a Technique of the Month, like old times?
Mackenzie Dern Vs Gabi Garcia Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Open Class Semi Final
My little cheering section today helped me take silver at the IBJJF Nagoya Open today.
Open Weight Men's Finals - ADP
Best techniques for self defense?
'1 good side is better than 2 bad sides' - Marcelo Garcia
Keenan Cornelius vs Felipe Pena ADWP 2015 Open Weight
The time has come! /u/Flying10lbGerbil - ARE YOU STILL TRAINING?
First tourney win, I'm hooked
How do you respond to someone who says BJJ is useless and that his bullshido kungfu is the only effective martial art?
For stopping the guard pass: Do you have to learn a specific counter for each pass or are there principles to stick by?
Been having issues with bottom half guard, could use some help.
Mackenzie Dern talks after defeating Gabi Garcia in the Semi Finals of the World Pros Open Weight (Video)
Rampage Jackson slaps people from every country, except the Brazilians
Hi would anyone want
Is Master Caique Jiu-Jitsu a reputable affiliation?
GIVEUPKA
Any idea why Mackenzie Dern - born in Phoenix, Arizona, USA - has a Portuguese accent?
Gym loyality
Henry Akins in Cottonwood AZ
Promoted to coach!
Something that has really impressed me about WPJJC
Does anyone have any advice on lifting weights while training bjj?
Weird RNC from Invicta MMA last night (courtesty of /u/JagHarReddit)
Luiz Panza broke his leg competing today at WPJJC
Is it possible to finish an americana or kimura when rolling light?
Could somebody please give there opinion on this gym?
Promoted to Blue Belt!
I'm writing a series of food blogs for jiu jitsu performance based on my diet and why it works for me. Please read and tell me what you think.
26 match "Abu Dhabi World BJJ Pro 2015" playlist
Would it be appropriate?
Successful triangle ( at 0:35) but opponent then lifts attacker up and off mat-- gets minus 1 point and restarted to standing?
Blue belt promo is Blue!
WPJJC Open weight brackets
Audio book for Cauliflower Chronicles
Training makes traveling better.
Tense match ends in triangle choke-- huge sigh of relief after getting the tap (loud audio) (2 min 45 sec)
"#BJJ" Kik chat?
Episode 79- One of USA’s Top Brown Belts Jared “Megalo” Dopp
Mobility and Flexibility exercises for Shoulders?
What are your favorite no gi videos? Both matches and tutorials :)
Steve Maxwell podcast
One of my matches from the IBJJF Chicago Open...
First competition?
Competing in Adult for the first time after three tournaments at Masters 1, advice?
Baby armadillo has LEGIT back-takes...
Anyone have any strength training exorcizes for the rib cage? Any kind of pressure after passing, or being thrown is super painful.
93 hooks gi for 2$ on bjj hq
Any Nagoya Open IBJJF Streams this weekend?
Making sense of the Abu Dhabi World Pro Results
SubmissionFC Bamboo Frenzy Gi Review
No Gi Shorts for Competition
With all this knee on belly talk..
Great seminar with Carlos Lemos Jr.!
Masters &amp; Masters 2 Results?
The most annoying people in BJJ class, No Gi during Gi training.
[Noob post] What is the whole team association thing?
I'm too gentle with my arm bars
Announcer in need of catchphrase!
What is mat time?
Metamoris is Business
Josh Barnett: "Yes, I have a BJJ Black Belt, But it's Not What You Think."
Anyone train in Spokane/ E. Washington?
What does Kurt Osiander mean with this side control is shit?
Rodolfo Vieira's career in danger because of an injurie in his back
Looking for advice on dealing with someone flexible enough to do this high mount escape without the stiff-arm overhead push.
D'arce as a sweep/control
From sprawl to the back basic motion
World Pro Finals and some other fights..Enjoy
Lessons in Humility
Rolling Deals on BJJHQ!
Eddie Bravo's Interview on Joe Rogan's influence on BJJ
Social location and BJJ(Survey)
How to stay motivated through the journey
Poorly executed flying armbar
D'arce choke set up from side control break down.
Post training shake
Am I a bitch for tapping to [a hard] knee on belly in class?
Two knee bar set ups / counters by Andresa Correa. Can someone explain them in detail
Gym in New Port, Rhode Island /NYC
Ok, I saw the Hitler video mocking it and a meme someone put up but I'm missing something
Tomorrow's Invicta FC 12 main eventer, Livia Renata Souza with a jump guard arm-in guillotine triangle chain.
Mary Janeiro and BJJ.
Abu Dhabi World BJJ Pro 2015 Results
Ponytail choke
Is this a good method to get better at preventing the guard pass?
Mayweather vs Pacquiao
Second class is complete!
I feel like this mindset is very applicable to BJJ!
Competed for the first time (addendum)
Abu Dhabi World Pro -95kg final: Felipe Pena x Jackson Sousa
Neat Berimbolo to Waiter Sweep Setup by Trans against Buchecha
How To Train BJJ With a More Experienced Practitioner (Or At Least This One) - Val Worthington
Finals of the WPCJJ and other matches
Small victory tonight!
Am I spazzy?
Abu Dhabi World Pro -75Kg Purple Belt Final - Pedro Ramalho vs Rolando Samson
Not in the armed services but can I buy this camo gi?
Brown belt judo loses to white belt BJJ watch until end! (warning: loud audio)
Cool bicep slicer from top sidemount
New to BJJ
Relson Gracie blackbelt podcast interview
Are there some basic fakes/misdirections you guys like?
What's your go-to submission against bigger, stronger guys?
How to Fend Off a Dog Attack using BJJ
I'm looking for videos of any sub/sweep from any position involving a figure 4 around your opponent's arm.
Received my Purple belt from some pretty cool guys!
Rodolfo Vieira - WPJJC 2015
Scissor guard triangles - a BJJ tutorial
What did your professor do to you when you got promoted
Abu Dhabi World Pro: Keenan Cornelius x Victor Estima
Janni Larsson announces competitive retirement, aged 27. Thank you and good luck.
Any of you guys stutter?
I feel like crying everytime I think about going back to BJJ...
Stopping at Blue
Help send the inaugural United States Combat Wrestling Team to Bulgaria!
so what submissions can blue belts do that white belts cant? i.e wrist locks/toe holds?
A weird sweep i came up with that i hit regularly
Who are the highest ranking American black belts?
Body triangle from closed guard?
Any one feel like this after class?
Guard passing
New to the sport
Got promoted to brown belt earlier this month, just forgot to post xD
thank you /u/Ender1982 for the new gi!
Lo Vs Estima, 2015 Abu Dhabi. (8:13)
My first attempt at the advanced (nogi) division - any critique/advice please
Pedro Sauer- Stopping your opponent from standing in your closed guard
Double leg steps?
ABU DHABI PRO LIVE THREAD: U PSYCHED?
Storm Typhoon
Counter to 50/50 guard
Jiu Jitsu in Rome
Pedro "Paquito" Ramalho - Purple Belt Highlight. Took gold in the Euros and now gold again in WPJJC beating Rolando Samson in the final. Remember the name!
Is there a more definitive schedule for worlds online anywhere?
Benefits of living in Dubai: World Pros in TGIF
visiting Marcelo Alonso in Seattle?
WPJJC results?
In what (non-physical) ways has jiu jitsu changed you for the better or worse?
Gracie Barra GI
Sleep after training.
Need legit advice, training partners vs. instructor's detailed coaching??
How do I knee on belly into mount?
Rolling with Big Guys
Abu Dhabi Live stream: Finals going on now!
Nice Piece of Writing About Female 40-Something Starting to Train
Consistency?
Inside BJJ - Lloyd Irvin: Pretty much talks about everything and anything
Fabric softener?
Murilo Santana vs Francisco Iturralde (2015 Boston Spring final)
Asked if I've wrestled before...
Did my first class!
Tatami Zero G v3?
10th Planet San Francisco
Whats your experience with Adidas gi's like?
Paulo Miyao vs Gianni Grippo (2015 Boston Spring final)
Another BJJ Professor sexual abuse scandal in Portland, OR. :-(
IAmA human version of a giraffe...how should I protect my neck, strengthen it, warm it up best?
An amusing interview with a women's champion and Pete Holmes
You died and went to BJJ hell. What awaits you?
It sucks but it happens, what has been your worse Jiu-jitsu injury?
Scramble cryptic marketing. Answers on a post card, please!
Good pair of grappling shorts?
Watch The Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 Stream Here!
FREE LIVE STREAM: Abu Dhabi World Professional Jiu-Jitsu Championship 23-25 April
UAE JIU JITSU FEDERATION Live Stream for Abu Dhabi Pro
João Miyao vs Paulo Roberto Santana (2015 Boston Spring final)
took 2 weeks off, came back and crushed it. wtf?
White Belt Wednesday - 04/22/15
Can anybody give an opinion on Contract Killer gi-s?
What is the lighest Gi on the market at the minute?
Trying to find a specific DVD set and looking for some help.
Brackets for Abu Dhabi Pro 2015 Posted!
BJJ in vancouver
Do any of you have personal experience in the quality of Break Point jiu-jitsu gis compared to Tatami jiu-jitsu gis?
Kimura from Closed Guard Question.
Who loves worm guard?
With all of the fake quotes and jokes about Ralek and Metamoris, it is only fair that we share some of his actual wisdom.
2 Months into my journey
Hitler reacts to Ralek Gracie's G in a Gi (2014 by TheRealHero1)
Step over choke from side contol?
How can I not get smashed by the bigger guys
Can someone identify this choke
The ol' "cardboard gi" effect. (After hang dry, prior to tumble in dryer)
Double Under hook pass to truck?
First class at RCJ Machado in Dallas tomorrow!
Has anyone done the Dolce Diet?
When did you realize your "mortality"?
Kurt Osiander Rockin the Fro!!
Schedule , brackets , predictions and live stream for the World Pro 2015
Strenght being experienced.
What to get the BJJ instructor who has everything?
Soooo...What's in your gym bag?
Counter when one scrambles to a single leg from sidemount
LC Davis vs Hideo Tokoro: LC Davis and Coach Travis Conley Review Heel Hook Attempts From the Fight
Rehabbing After Armbar Injury
How does one become a triangle ninja?
Royce Gracie and his upper belts vs high school wrestlers (watch out for that guillotine)
Brand New Storm F-Lite Gi - Jiu JItsu (BC Canada)
Worm guard problems
Can /r/bjj *please* make medical advice posts against the rules?
Approaching a guard pass?
Why did Royce wear a gi in the ufc?
I Received My Purple Belt on Sunday, Here's What I Learned During My Time At Blue Belt
Bad shoulders, back, neck, chest... PT recommends Yoga.
Class before work. What do you with your gi?
Encountered the stinkiest of Gi's today
Crowdfunding Indiegogo/Kickstarter etc
Here's a simple passing/back take drill that you can easily do with a partner. Guard Pass-Leg Drag-Back Take - Atos Jiu Jitsu Oceanside, CA
It’s Science: Mackenzie Dern | BishopBjj.com
REDBELT (2008)
Congrats to Marcelo-Here is Marcelo Jr.
What tiny ways has BJJ helped you?
Competing this weekend at Extreme Grappling Open in Indiana. This is all I can think about!
Critique my lifting program for BJJ?
Dynamic stretching, warm up suggestions?
Kron Gracie's Guillotine
I do not understand the arm-in guillotine...
How To Get DQ'd in BJJ part 4. Funny!
Differences between MGA and Unity?
What are some of your "that's what she said" moments from training?
Need some advice
Can anyone shed light on what Eddie is getting at?!
I was "awarded" this by a purple belt I often roll with. (He hung it on my gi and winked.)
Taiwan instructor dies from heart attack during class. Donations appreciated.
BJJ Black Belt steps down amid allegations of sexual assault
Sick passes? Recommendation to be one step before the guard player?
How to judo throw a wrestler
Any British students interested in a university BJJ competition next year?
Jack Taufer demonstrates proper posture in guard
(Warning: JUDO) Teddy Riner prank is hilarious.
Hey, we all love Gabi Garcia, but this pic is begging for some funny captions
Buchecha applauds Rockhold's jiu jitsu ability
Las Vegas BJJ schools?
What position do you perform best in, and what are some of your favorite moves/sequences to use from there?
12-hour Rollathon for Luis Morales' bone marrow transplant on May 9th in South Florida. All are welcome!
Promoter asking gyms to boycott other events in city
Probably a repost but some really cool mma submissions.
World Pro 2015 stream schedule?
Reusing One Gi 2x/1 Day
5 Old School Rules. How many does your academy/dojo use?
Deciding between gyms. I'd like your input.
Who's your favorite bjj guy
Abu Dhabi World Pro 2015 - how is your crew looking/doing?
Help, I'm too passive and under-committing when rolling
Does anyon have any Murillo Santana video Boston Open?
Teammates match at the Boston Open over the weekend fast forward to the 2:20 mark for a good bow and arrow choke from the back
High level wrestlers with little-no BJJ experience vs. black belts?
Starting at a new gym
Grappling industries Melbourne- how tough is this comp going to be?
Missed my BJJ class to study for exams
[Video]Daniel Strauss (UK BB) competing at Ninja Warrior
What do leg locks feel like?
Is this technique legal?
This is dumb as hell, but it's Hulk Hogan putting an unsuspecting dude out with the front naked choke.
Patches
What does the Plata mean at the end of moves?
Went to a new gym today, got my ass handed by an inch worm.
Chris Weidman 5 minute video teaching at Tri-Star. Pretty awesome stuff. I think he's near the pinnacle of what a wrestler transitioning into a sub grappler can become
2008 World Champion freaks out, try to beat his girlfriend, destroys a hotel and smashes the life out of a random guest with a chair
GiReview: ACIMA white (best deal on gi at the moment!)
Hey Lick (comic)
How can i gain flexibility?
Slick Sub from the Juvenile division yesterday
Ankle strength
How does Bernardo Faria deal with the crossface when doing deep half?
Clark Gracie interview, adorable
Possible head injury?
What kind of sick pass technique is that at 0:27 seconds
Hook sweep defense
Best picture of me possibly ever
I was inspired to make this based on Paulo Miyao's quote.
Looking for a good gym in Northern Virginia
Check out my interview with 50/50 Black Belt Seph Smith
BJJ works in a street fight against 100lbs+ opponent
Felipe 'Preguiça' Pena ADCC 2015 Trials mini-highlight || BJJ Hacks
70 year old wrestling guru does not spare the rod
OSS Clothing
After winning gold at boston open on saturday, i got my blue this morning!
Marketing American Jiu-Jitsu
Anyone tried "Body X Guard"?
Match of the Week - Michelle Nicolini vs. Luanna Alzuguir - 2013 Brazilian Nationals
My professor keeping it playful
Dillon Danis Brown Belt Highlight
rotating a video
ADCC Rio -88kg final - Felipe Preguiça vs Isaque Bahiense (purple belt)
I guess I didn't lose it afterall
Ryan hall teaches you the rolling back take, drunk*. (*If you set the video speed to 0.5)
Rnc
How is the Effective Wrist Locks for BJJ dvd/set from Budovideos?
Anyone know anything about the Clinch Academy or their head instructor (very, um, interesting lineage)
Sao Paulo guard pass?
Spider Crawl Drill
I love this fight even though my hero lost. Leandro Lo vs Keenan Cornelius
Perfect example how heel hooks can be safe
Does naga allow a 1lb weight allowance?
I wrote an article about police training and jiu jitsu. It's a little harsh, but Rener approved...
Bruising
Jorge Gurgel talks Return to high-level BJJ Competition / Advantages &amp; Stalling / Renzo Gracie / WPJJC / and more
Submission-ony BJJ event May 2 in Connecticut!
Shoutout to my new homie with excellent defense against a triangle and scramble to get the toe hold finish.
What seminar benefited you the most?
Videos from IBJJF Boston?
Tournament Mentality - Could use some advice
Weight Cut advice and tips?
1st match - looking for some feedback
What's your best/favourite guard pass?
Can someone explain wtf is going on with the scoring at the end of this match? Malfacine vs Miyao
One of my matches from a tournament yesterday
I'm having problems with mount escape
World Pro 2015 promo cartoon
Won Gold at Bristol Open Brown Belt Super Heavy
Yay new flair!
Heel hook , the devil's technique
Nasty ankle break via heel hook at NAGA yesterday
BJJ omoplata drils
A guide for everyone. Xpost r/coolguides
What makes an expensive gi worth its price to you?
BJJ as a philosophy on life - the residual effects of training.
Setting up the triangle choke from side control (new tutorial!)
Dartanian Bagby Teaches How To Pass The Guard
Any JitsGrips users here?
[Technique] Michael Liera Jr. - Spider Guard Triangle Choke. A different angle of attack for the triangle.
Anyone in their prime, who wins submission only 175-200 lbs or so in the gi?
Joe Conery vs Joao Miyao - 2015 Boston Open
Gi's with tailored fitting pants
Marcus Almeida "Buchecha" talks Rodolfo Vieira / CheckMat / MMA Debut / WPJJC &amp; More
Meme I Made: When Ralek Tells You To Look Cute for Metamoris...
Hit this spinal lock, bow and arrow hybrid ages ago and wondered if it had a name
Any NAGA competitors out there?
My pelvis is twisted. Has anyone ever has this happen to them? I am looking for answers as to what is happening and why.
Help with this sizing chart?
Ask r/bjj: Has anyone moved across country/to another country, with the intent to live and train at the better academy? Please tell me your story.
Thoughts on winning with "cheap" techniques?
i made my purple debut this Saturday. any tips on increasing my cardio. I felt i was only trying to survive because of how tired i felt. I under performed to how i normally do in training.
Won gold at Boston Open today!
Car trip to the UP (MI) from Atlanta over the 4th of July are there any schools I should visit along the way.
Gi or no-gi, which one do you prefer or enjoy the most?
This just in: Jacare is still good at jiu-jitsu..
Favorite music pre-comp?
What do you tape?
Southeast Tournaments
Womens BJJ Camp | Next Weekend, St. Louis
Another fast paced Irish Blue Belt Match between Andrew McGahon [Team Torres] and Richard Buckovscan [ECJJA] vs Andrew McGahon [Team Torres] - Grapplepalooza World Cup 2015
Seattle to San Francisco
Jacare's Horizontal Wall Walk Pass from UFC on Fox 15
Cool Breakdown of Jimy Hettes Grappling Sequence vs. Diego Brandao from Last Night's UFC card in NJ
Arm Triangle from UFC on Fox 15
Swap Meet Sunday
Keenan Cornelius - Cross Choke Instructional
Competed for the first time.
type of game you play
I'm wondering if jiu-jitsieros would agree with this conclusion I'm settling on.
getting frustrated and discouraged. Help!
Beast Mode Seoi Nage
World Pro Streams?
jacare could get a title shot next
I usually don't do things like this, but here goes...
Won gold at tap cancer out. Amazing tourney , amazing environment.. Along with a bloody nose
My son won his first tournament going 3-0!
How to escape a rear naked choke (UFC on Fox spoilers)
My 6-year-old daughter just started training in BJJ, and I was a little worried how it'd go...
How do the belts line up with chess pieces
Today I had the honor to roll with Bernardo Faria, it really means a lot to a 16 year old kid when a world champion says you are tough.
Tap Cancer Out was fucking phenomenal.
Overcoming fear of injuries/hypochondria.
How to not get gassed in side control/mount?
What Would Help Our Community?
Brown town; population me.
How to get guys to stop treating me like a "girl?"
Super detailed leg shuck guard pass &amp; counter tutorial (including the counter to the counter to the counter to the guard pass)
Sambo Rolling knee bar - BJJ Mississauga
3 money making practices I dislike
Daily reminder that this death could have been prevented #BJJ saves lives
Awesome triangle choke: Richard Hale v Nik Fekete
How To Get Kidnapped While Making Gis in Pakistan
Lulu's first roll
Triangle choke slow mo (youtube link 15 seconds)
Austin TX
at our seminar today, it came up that i should start working on a guard game...
flexibility and BJJ
Anyone trained at AoJ or Atos?
Safe Blast Double Takedown for 2 points [Video]
JiuJitsu Mag: Huge Purse for Women’s Jiu-Jitsu
After 3 long years I finally joined my blue belt brethren
I got a good, good feeling
killing me with this pass
I made a highlight video, enjoy if you may
Any of you guys in Kansas?
93 Brand Standard Issue or Flow Air?
I am going to ask a really stupid question, but I need help looking for rash guard bottoms...
Been scouring the internet looking for Dean Lister's "punch pass" from top half with no success. Does anyone have the link? Or a similar video?
Davi Ramos ADCC 2015 Trials mini-highlight || BJJ Hacks
Rolling With New Students
Washing White Gis
